asdf
asdfsafasdfasfd
 
Store and Forward (T.37)
adsasdf
 
Ways to transmit a Fax over IP:
 
PCMU
 
-- Plain old audio, uncompressed (64k) - regular phone line.
 
PCMU is generally OK if you can guarantee the audio signal is consistent around 200-300ms latency
 
T.38 - At least two sides must understand T.38 to use it
 
 
Negotiation was be successful between the two sides. Who negotiates first?
 
v0
 
v1
 
v2
 
v3
 
ECM
 
v17
 
Max Speed (14400/9600)
 
Redundancy Feature
 
 
 
FAX
 
-
 
ATA
 
-
 CLOUD
 
-
 
ATA/FAX
 
 
 
v1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
v1
 
 
 
v2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
v2
 
 
 
v3
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
v3 (is a piece of shit)
 
STEPS FOR T.38 TO WORK:
1. Two devices must be able to hear each other initially via voice (to detect the tones)
 
Best way to test: CALL THE FAX MACHINE. Also, have them call you from the fax machine if possible
 
CLUE: No t38 message in the logs AND hang up within 15-30 seconds
 
CATCH: Many fax machines don't answer for 5 rings, and your calling timeout might be too long
 
You'll see NO_ANSWER in the FreeSWITCH log
 
2. Two devices must be able to negotiate T38 either with each other or with the upstream phone company
 
(You won't know who's on the other side, and that's OK)
 
You will see a log entry in the FS log that a negotiation of T38 was attempted
 
You will then see a reply from the other side of either Not Acceptable Here / Incompatible Destination OR 
OK
 
In addition, the OK will come back with the confirmed parameters
 
3. Two devices 
 
 
For Testing:
1. Need One (1) Physical Fax that can Send 
 Receive
2. Need One Virtual or Physical Fax that can Send 
 Receive
3. PATIENCE!
4. Test PCMU. Should work over fast connection but may not always - The most optimized services should work, so for example RingCentral 
-
 Our Fax to Email (server) Service. Probably won't work to a real fax machine
5. Test Two-way Audio
6. Test Long/Complex Faxes
 
 
-- most people care less
7. Test Short/Simple Faxes
 
 
-- most people care
8. Test Two Model ATAs :-) and no more then two models.
9. Test Two Fax Machines. Go on Craigslist and buy the worst crappiest one you can find
10. Test error conditions and how OUR software handles them
11. Inspect quality for lost rows/lines
12. Someday test store 
 forward
13. Test Failback abilities on our side
 
